hey guys welcome to today's tutorial
today's look nautical nails so here's
what you'll need to get started masking
tape aluminum foil handy dandy
toothpicks and a synthetic brush for our
colors you'll need a gold glitter navy
blue red and a white so nautical and
lastly don't forget your base and top
coat let's get started first apply your
base coat the pinky and middle finger
get painted white ring finger and thumb
get gold pointer finger gets painted red
don't forget to apply your second coat
take your foil and apply a drop of white
grab your toothpick and this becomes
your dotting tool
crafty grab your masking tape and cut it
into thin strips applying the tape to
the back of your hand a few times will
help make it less sticky perfect for
making lines now we're ready for stripes
paint your pinky red wait a few moments
then pull back the tape repeat with your
middle finger oh haha steal those nail
art looks with some topcoat take care
acetone and synthetic brush and clean up
any mistakes there you have it classic
nautical miles
don't forget to subscribe and tune in
next time to see how we got this perfect
sunset ombre everybody's looks awesome
unless you're not last meeting me this
really meet you this first one is in the
color blue mist and it's like a minty
color with a little bit of blue in it so
I just think it's really really pretty